https://www.coolgenerator.com/sentence-generator?type=new - Sentence Generator
Picnicking with your dogs can be a wonderful bonding experience.
They had to work it out, and if she made love to him tonight, she'd cave in for sure.
Gensonne was accounted one of the most brilliant of the little band of brilliant orators from the Gironde, though his eloquence was somewhat cold and he always read his speeches.
Its tubers, if it produces any, have not been seen.
Birds eat the slugs, the cat eats the bird and the lungworms are in the cat's body before you know it.
Knowledge is not mere knowledge of itself, but of being, and of the one being that truly is, viz.
In the beginning these can be the most frustrating of times as the sheer volume of what the student doesn't know can be overwhelming.
It has a Protestant and a Roman Catholic church, a handsome town-hall (restored in 1873-1874), a gymnasium, a provincial prison and a penitentiary.
When the clothes no longer fit, they are often donated or sold.
Chicken, turkey, fish and eggs are mainstays of Orijen's high protein formulas.
These websites, dedicated to helping consumers find samples, coupons or other money saving tips, usually have forums or postings that regularly update with the latest offers.
However, caution should be taken when carrying out practical jokes.
The child is then trained in how to interpret the sounds heard through the device.
Aire has flour-mills, leather and oil works, and nail manufactories, and trade in agricultural produce.
No formal agreement was made, and at the death of George many Bohemian nobles supported the claim of Matthias of Hungary, who had already been proclaimed king of Bohemia.
There is a staggered pelican crossing to get you across.
There has been a lot of debate over whether cats need yearly vaccinations.
Nothing screams free spirited quite like a layered shag.
Antoine Jerome Balard >>
If this woman becomes the prime investigator, maybe she could be useful if you lead her astray.
One of the most popular forms of custom birthday candles are countdown candles.
Postscript is a Turing-complete reverse polish programming language with drawing primitives based on Bezier curves.
Carnelian carnelian Carnelian amulet This is orange, translucent carnelian whose color is associated with the sun, especially in its rising or setting form.
This is why an indoor litter box is a wonderful alternative, especially for smaller dogs.
These villages, built in oases dotted over the desert, nestle in groves of datepalms and fruit trees and waving fields of barley.
Likewise, with the high-income population of San Diego, there are many studios that amp up the cost of their lessons, while not really offering anything more significant than a lower-priced jazz dance class.
We may consider this to be about the limit of closeness at which there could be any decided appearance of resolution, though E doubtless an observer accustomed to his instrument would recognize the duplicity with certainty.
Great Britain and Russia are represented there by consuls.
Jackson first performed it during his famous song "Billie Jean" on the show Motown 25: Yesterday, Today and Forever.
Though the Uruguay plays a less important part, its relations to the country are similar to those of the Parana, and its tributaries from the plateau region are similarly broken by falls and rapids.
Intensive language intervention can allow these children to make considerable gains, with modeling of appropriate linguistic forms that the child is having difficulty with being especially effective.
Personality is formed by the ongoing interaction of temperament, character, and environment.
Edward was determined to exact all the ordinary feudal rights of an overlordwhatever might have been the former relations of the English and Scottishcrowns.
Unquestionably more of a polymath than a philosopher, he appears uncritical and superficial.
Like most medical procedures, vaccination has risks as well as great benefits.
Birds leave the slow moving river backwaters and streams and tend to move nearer to the coast for the winter.
It is possible - even probable, if we accept the theory that he had already 2 been there with Barnabas - that Alexandria was his final sphere of work, as the earliest tradition on the point implies (the Latin Prologue, and Eusebius as above, probably after Julius Africanus in the early 3rd century), and as was widely assumed in the 4th century.
Nevertheless, the majority of societies have not sought recognition, being suspicious of fiscal state intervention.
In the meantime Captain Glover's force had crossed the Prah on the 15th of January, and the Ashanti opposition weakening after the capture of Kumasi, Glover was able to push forward.
He at once undertook the defence of his wife's dominions from an attack by Louis XI., king of France, and defeated the French forces at Guinegatte, the modern Enguinegatt; on the 7th of August 1479.
Of course, Fire Emblem fans are used to such methods, but it is a little disappointing that Intelligent Systems couldn't have done more with the switch to the GameCube.
Saga holidays bought of age and south pacific cruising caribbean international and.
The sheath is not arched when it breaks through the ground.
Key Stage 1 content evaluation summary: ' ' What's the time Mr Wolf?
Eating gobs of bacon grease is a whole different story than munching peanuts or fatty fish like salmon.
Even folks who have little interest in paranormal phenomenon have probably heard of at least two or three of the most famous ghost stories that have taken place throughout history.
You will have to have everything all planned out beforehand and stick to a tight schedule of one or two main activities and attractions in order to get something accomplished during the limited time you have on the island.
As in India, after the expulsion of Buddhism, the degrading worship of Siva and his dusky bride had been incorporated into Hinduism from the savage devil worship of Aryan and of non-Aryan tribes, so, as pure Buddhism died away in the north, the Tantra system, a mixture of magic and witchcraft and sorcery, was incorporated into the corrupted Buddhism.
Skin testing involves placing a small amount of liquid containing a specific allergen on the skin and then either poking, scratching, or injecting it into the skin surface to observe whether redness and swelling occurs.
Those retailers may carry second-hand uniforms, clearly at a deep discount when compared to the price of a new uniform.
What's the most expensive college in America?
In other words, the company builds in sentiment over time.
Knowledge is a comfortable and necessary retreat and shelter for us in advanced age, and if we do not plant it while young, it will give us no shade when we grow old.
Specifically: something that isn't Girls, which, for what it's worth, was denied permission to film on the University of Iowa's campus. When Dunham broke out with Tiny Furniture it seemed her future was in film, and back in the pre-Girls era she was attached to write and direct an adaptation of the novel Dash and Lily's Book of Dares.
It looks like it's going to snow tonight.
Don't translate English into Japanese word for word.
McCain (63%)(McCain keeps) TexasObama (26%);
#LIC and #7train commutes will never quite be the same.
In his hands, the story of the posters would be presented in a way that left readers unsure at the end as to whether they should find it more curious that such images appeared in China or that they would never show up in an American city.
“See?” she said, looking from me to the screen.
The shift seems to reflect much the same calculus that guided Gates through the DADT decision.
For better or worse, I spend a fair amount of time hanging out with graduate students in STEM fields, many from elite schools.
It’s a spiritual successor to a similar conference at Asilomar, California, in 1975, when delegates debated the ethics of nascent genetic-engineering technology.
Gobar noted that he finds benefits in Jefferson’s intellectual contributions, but argued that they must be unpacked and contextualized.
she neglects to mention his belief that his defeat reflected voters' desire to send a message and his doubt that even another $100 million "would have mattered." Enough.
The Supreme Court made light of that case, starting out with talking about Chaucer’s old alewife, and somehow instead of saying yes, women are perfectly capable of tending bar, said, well, women need to be protected.
Is preserving and reviving cursive handwriting retro sentimentality or neo-Luddism?
My parents were sitting under the tree.
Hypocrisies will be exposed.
And he’s famously computer averse—when an image of him using a computer once surfaced, it made headlines.
This matters far beyond Florida suburbia.
The Republican National Committee also wouldn't provide details about its practices, but a spokeswoman said, "Targeting is one part of a larger playbook we have and will continue to employ.
She read an amusing story to the children.
It has made me less selfishand more patient.
I, for one, know it will be some time before I watch a conventional horror flick without wondering, at least for a moment, exactly what Richard Jenkins and Bradley Whitford might be up to, somewhere off-screen.
Figure something out, Pfister.
You can't draw conclusions about demand shifts from population numbers alone.
For those not in the know (or, if you prefer, for those marginally less in the know than I), "fake geek girls" is a term used to describe, "pretty girls pretending to be geeks for attention" as Joe Peacock put it in a post on CNN.
That's when Quinn decided to call the city's top cop.
Treatment and Alcoholics Anonymous meetings actually made me want to drink more, because of the constant Pavlovian reminders of what I was missing out on.
Tom always talks about himself.
The committee did not penalize Hastert.
consumer's point of view, the supply chains are broken -- but they can be fixed.
Small companies like Etsy, Kickstarter, and Meetup told him that their companies could only succeed with an open Internet, and the only way to achieve that would be by invoking Title II.
recent polls show that 69% of the public approve of off-shore drilling, a 20 point increase since last June.
Yes, it does," Ford O'Connell, GOP consultant and former campaign adviser to John McCain, said.
You can't see her anymore.
Today, colleges are required to conduct their own proceeding for every sexual allegation, even if a police investigation or criminal-justice process is under way.
Romney kept on a big smile and, as he had months before, reached out his long arm to Perry.
A lot of these “What is an insider?
"We cannot leave anything to intuition, gut instincts or “traditional” ways of doing things," the report says.
until this black church, on this bright day, seemed once more a vessel carrying the story of a people into future generations and into a larger world.
They also happened to be married!
And it's been a very violent war so far.
Despite his being so tall, women find him quite attractive.
“Always a driver,” Villegas says.
Math and computation are "an enormous help to creative thinking." From Newtonian physics to the room-sized computers of the 1950s (which are rendered adorably in the film's scrappy cartoon style), computation is at the heart of human ingenuity.
The angry populism has only grown with conservative rank and file incited to expect the repeal of Obamacare and an Obama capitulation on debt-ceiling showdowns and government shutdowns, ending repeatedly in disappointment.
Over the years, Troopathons have featured live and taped appearances by conservative stars from entertainment, media and politics, including actor Gary Sinise, rock idol Gene Simmons of KISS, Sarah Palin, Rick Perry, Rush Limbaugh and Sean Hannity.
Napagtanto ko na kinakailang kong sundin ang sarili kong payo at kumalma.
Kate drinks a lot of milk every day.
Coaching Mojo: Advantage, San Francisco.
But because you don't say anything about your views on anything, when they ask you well, they'll try to figure out what your views on the Second Amendment are likely to be and they'll say, 'Well, have you ever held a gun?
Hey, Big Spender—Sen.
But the film poses a serious test to the viewer’s patience.
He said he was going to take a risk.
Under normal circumstances they might have been dismissed as mere shooting stars, but after Chelyabinsk and Asteroid DA14, which passed perilously close to Earth, but skipped by, people are a little jumpy.
Three people at FIFA, the organization that governs global soccer, have been implicated for hiding bonuses they approved for one another, totaling nearly $80 million.
At least half of the kids waiting are turned away, forced to spend the night at a friend's or curled up in a cold city corner.
But the economy faces headwinds, too, the World Bank warned in April.
The President is using Christmas to leverage Republicans in the fiscal cliff negotiations.
Along those lines, I should say kudos to Arrington for publishing such a story.
Now, the political battle begins.
"If an agreement is reached to raise the debt ceiling but nothing meaningful is done in terms of deficit reduction, the U.S.
In Istanbul, modest fashion—tesettür—is characterized by high necklines, low hemlines, and complete coverage of the hair.
I feel young.
We felt very much like family.
Why are you defending a murderer?
Given the pivotal role each institution had to play in implementing an order they had no role in producing, the messy results should not have been surprising.
By minding our own business.
“We didn’t have many options when it came to the songs that we could sing, but when we sang, we did it together and it was impressive.” Not everyone, however, revels in the opportunity to rekindle such memories.
Please say the alphabet in reverse.
The group could include "people that are Korean that used to be soldiers" as a means of increasing the group's capabilities inside the country.
There was his faux-amateur musicality, the cracking voice and lack of range and at-most two chords he played, a la Gen X bands like Pavement and Dinosaur Jr.
Those constraints mean that Republicans must find a way to offset the most costly elements of their plan, either by raising taxes elsewhere or closing popular loopholes and deductions.
In late December 2007, they used Browder’s companies to apply for what amounted to the biggest known tax refund in Russian history, a total of $230 million.
Even outside Southeast Asia, in other parts of Asia, China's gravitational pull and its soft power have had an influence on democracies.
CNET has more on the background of this particular case, which is just one of many legal battles between the two companies around the world.  Then, citing an apparent miscalculation on the part of the jury, U.S.
Their "rewritten interviews" function as a mode of self-education and self-culture.
He has also worked in the foster-care system itself, helping children redefine the narratives of their lives.
Yahoo, on the other hand, has weathered misstep after misstep for more than a decade.
Mostly, though, it seems that the president's Reddit vist was another carefully scripted campaign stop, leading some to wonder what might happen if a looser, more gaffe-prone person in higher office decided to take a swing at Reddit's AMA format.
Several people are already waiting.
Below you can see the last-paragraph summary: Update (4:45 p.m.
RuPaul was introduced as “our commander in chief” and arrived with dancing Secret Service agents in hotpants.
This was mostly to squeeze Teen Wolf Too into the conversation (of course Bateman's TV debut was at the age of 11 in Little House on the Prairie).
He still gets to hold summer mixers with deep-pocketed donors mingling with 2016 presidential hopefuls in some effort to play kingmaker.
That type of money will make anyone look all grown-up. 
Tom doesn't know how to ski.
"We've made such a big deal about the exchange rate," said Barry Bosworth of the Brookings Institution, "but it's not the most important issue for the United States." That would be price controls, he said, like tariffs and buy-China rules that limit the market for U.S.
Under her old limited liability plan Barrette wouldn't have been covered if she was admitted to the hospital, for instance.
Why else would we eschew “real” jobs for things like baking, bartending or making coffee, all of which are, I might add, entirely end-times-proof professions?
Tom won't return my calls.
Ron Fournier, the editorial director at National Journal, tweets, "Without excusing WH, @ThePlumLineGS looks at big picture to say, rightly, that election debacle has not changed GOP."  Ryan C.
She might be something of a genius.
In the end the bill was forced into being withdrawn.
“The concern with mandatory labeling is that it’s not really based on any safety issue with the food.” Monsanto blames itself for some of the antagonism to GMOs: Rosenbloom says the company’s lack of engagement and transparency in the past have allowed “misinformation” to spread.
District Court for the District of Columbia did not rule Wednesday on the merits of the GOP’s arguments.
Here’s her reply, courtesy of The Guardian: There’s always the possibility of keeping a certain distance of more than an arm’s length—that is to say to make sure yourself you don’t look to be too close to people who are not known to you, and to whom you don’t have a trusting relationship.
That's because the international body, with limited access on the ground in the country, is no longer able to verify the sources of information it used to produce the estimates.  The acknowledgement comes in response to a question from the Associated Press.
The language is sincere, unsentimental, direct, and yet also delicate and curious;
The issues surrounding the 2016 elections in North Carolina are fundamentally similar to the issues that framed the explosive politics of the Wilmington Insurrection and Rosanell Eaton’s time in the civil-rights movement, and the same probably holds nationwide.
He gloated about personally shooting three men accused of kidnapping a girl.
But Brown, TMZ reported, refused treatment when the EMTs showed up.
His decision was highly controversial but the wording of the announcement was “conveniently ambiguous.” Uri Friedman argues that this type of “foreign policy by half-measures” is typical of Trump, and David Graham suggests Trump may be avoiding domestic problems with a splashy foreign-policy announcement.
His promise cannot be relied on.
wrote in Sunday's Washington Post, "Hardly anything seems immune from constitutionally dangerous politicking in a polarized Washington." But that's no excuse for missing the big picture, which is this: Bush and Obama shouldn't worry you nearly as much as the next president.
Tom is on our side.
Over half of them have legal casinos.
Yet the idea that the Fed should be abolished entirely is rather crazy.
The point was that she’s no interloper;
Read about the part of "Stop and Frisk" that was already declared unconstitutional in federal court.
But it’s highly possible that a perfect storm of economic and demographic factors—from high gas prices, to re-­urbanization, to stagnating wages, to new technologies enabling a different kind of consumption—has fundamentally changed the game for Millennials.
So each participant was outfitted instead with an inflatable catheter that was inserted into the bladder and then expanded to simulate the need to use the toilet.  No pressure (er -- no pun, either).
Those areas will become dominated by dense, fast-growing shrubs that burn naturally every few years, killing young trees and creating a sort of ecological lock-in.
The very next sketch was a pre-recorded commercial parody for Mother's Day flowers.
even so, it still causes an estimated 100,000 to 120,000 deaths annually.) “We know what the genome of cholera looks like today.
I just wanted to make you happy.
Basu: That's funny that you say that previous to this episode, you thought of Jay as a "mysterious figure," because by the end of an episode solely devoted to understanding Jay, I feel like he has become even more enigmatic.
Don't just think Jared Loughner.
Oculus is getting fairly good reviews, with a 71 percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes, which is somewhat surprising because as far as we can tell the plot revolves around an evil mirror.
It makes some sense.
They’re any group of motivated people that are looking for someone who has seen something.” This past weekend, for instance, an AP photographer took a picture of a young homeless man trying to warm himself on a grate in Washington, D.C.
The doctor is fighting against the disease.
Mark Sanford was doing so well, though!
All we can do is hope things get better.
Coleman: I had sold maybe 2,000 copies of Rakim Told Me.
The click of a camera is all that's needed to invite the comparison to Jimmy Carter's first trip to New Hampshire in 1975.
His most famous project for the Olympics is the so-called Athletes’ Village.
I think current Western contemporary fiction rejects even more than the mythical, it rejects the "sentimental" story.
the Court will now decide whether that law can stand.
And secondly, sir, can you comment on the concern of some people that your dialog with Colonel Qadhafi has resulted largely in enhancing his stature in the world?
Indeed, neither the truant nor the studious is at present taught color in the schools.
by Chris Bodenner Susan Gardner insists that supporters of raising the retirement age are focused on the wrong statistics: The fact is, men are living less than three years longer,women about five.
As two of Virginia's top Democrats weigh running for governor in 2017, potentially against each other, they are embracing traditionally liberal issues in a way that would have been politically toxic just years ago in the Upper South state.
And unlike anonymous attacks that take aim at all the candidates on a daily basis, the shots launched at Priebus are signed by RNC voters. Read more » 2. COLLINS DROPS OUT. Former RNC political director Gentry Collins will end his bid to become the next chairman of the party, he said late Sunday night.
"I will probably get a lot more attention." At dinner that evening, Mr.
Perhaps it could even follow the car backward in time, over several days.
As the Nat Geo article concluded: ...
They're exaggerating how frequently they use a condom.
This one is typical, he says: probably two guys tending the plots for anywhere from two-to-four months, with occasional food drops and extra help during planting and harvest.
Other oft-cited examples of good female friendships on TV—Sex and the City’s foursome, Buffy and Willow from Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Meredith and Cristina from Grey’s Anatomy—are compelling and well-rounded, but they aren’t all that relatable for women who aren’t wealthy New Yorkers, vampire slayers, or surgeons at a particularly melodramatic hospital.
in the control of the BLM and currently unused.
When we were preparing the map that accompanied the article, we erred on the side of whimsy, and exaggeration.
Reid may or may not accept amendments, but for now, here's what the bill looks like: 1.
The murder rate in medieval Europe was more than thirty times what it is today.
It's a disgrace that those old judges in Pennsylvania have to work like that.
After dinner sit a while, after supper walk a mile.
I'll give you what you need.
He was very afraid of seeing her, afraid of how his parents would feel, and afraid of how he would feel.
If you can’t find something that you’re actually interested in, you’re going to be living a life of lack, just going by.
Expect such high-profile attacks to be the norm as the U.S.
In 2009, the firm was hired on a $1.5 million contract by the government of Kazakhstan to coordinate the establishment of a Central Asia Caucus in Congress.
People like Rosenbloom might see the Conservative movement’s resistance to intermarriage as a form of running to the right—an attempt to prove their halachic bona fides and avoid feeling delegitimized.
He explicitly makes it a racial thing: "Obama wins because it's not a traditional America anymore.
If you have frozen it in a bowl, sit frozen bowl in warm water to loosen torta before turning out on serving dish.
The question is about the nature of the book blurb itself.
At the Television Critics Association summer press tour yesterday, the public broadcaster held a well-received panel, during which the network excitedly praised all the UK-created programming that is giving them its best numbers in years.
fixing the immigration system (6 percent);
The Thing trading snarky quips with...
On other occasions, he forced Harth into bedrooms and made passes at her, she said.
Goldberg: Has the White House studied this in some deep way and said, you know what—we’re not going to be able to buy much time if we destroy the 10 or 15 Iranian nuclear facilities?
We stay within the boundaries of the law!
Initiates were made to cut up victims.
And then finally, the percussive note, the little drumbeat at the end—that slap on the skin of the drums—is the word thief.
Advertisers may want to start paying more attention to their gay, lesbian, and transgender customers.
Hagel appears before the committee on Jan.
Remember, the aide advised, the two have been working on this relationship for nearly a decade.
How was it at your birthday?
In the case of GIF, the pronunciation depends on the term's creators, their intentions.
"We went through a phase where we would have separate rooms with lounge acts.
In a twist on the old “you can’t quit, I’m firing you,” he said he did so for the good of the members: In practical terms, the end of these groups may not make much difference.
Have you got an anger management problem?
Many of them were kind to us.
Safran, on the other hand, has written eighteen episodes of Gossip Girl, a show that gets New York culture so frustratingly wrong, makes it so dumb just to fit a storyline, that we can't possibly imagine he'll add anything smarter to the mix.
He waves his irreligiosity like a banner, vows that with a greener energy policy, "you don't have to bomb anyone, you don't have to invade anyone," and publicly derides the gay-marriage debate as a "silly argument." (He even gives the right answer—with the benefit of 23 years' hindsight—to the historic Michael Dukakis death-penalty gotcha.) A war hero turned antiwar, Morris is Wesley Clarke crossed with Dennis Kucinich crossed with Robert Redford in The Candidate.
by Chris Bodenner So far the mass demonstrations appear peaceful.
A more barbarous form of these rejoicings took place among the rude peoples of the north where great blocks of wood blazed in honor of Odin and Thor, and sacrifices of men and cattle were made to them. Mistletoe was cut then from the sacred oaks with a golden sickle by the Prince of the Druids.
The wistful nature, she suggests, came from her.
"They now have a whole list of antiwoman legislation they have in their back pocket passed by the House ...
embassy in Cairo's condemnation of an anti-Muslim film as bigotry amid protests was "like a judge telling the woman that got raped, you asked for it because of the way you dressed," The New York Times's Jonathan Weisman reports.
We're brother and sister.
They are personal, and carry a moral valence.
Tom might help us with our problem.
He was accompanied with black text on white screen PowerPoint slides.
Although both sides are confident they will come to an agreement and avoid another government shutdown, a few issues remain.
Bots need time to study their opponents, learning—and then learning to exploit—their betting styles.
Loughner's ideology didn't fully square up with Nietzsche's, Jim Sleeper compared him to 1993's Colin Ferguson, and Gabrielle Giffords' husband kept grace alive.
Michael Mann reveals his account of attacks by entrenched interests seeking to undermine his 'hockey stick' graph.
Hurry, President Lincoln!
Oh no, that's going to be a mess.
"Today, we spend 3.9% of our Gross Domestic Product on defense.
The penalty was missed.
Via Wikipedia, they are "an idiosyncratic substitution of a word or phrase for a word or words that sound similar or identical in the speaker's dialect." For instance, nip it in the butt instead of nip it in the bud.
Arguably, marching becomes, in effect, a sort of hybrid private and public speech, giving the impression that the marchers speak for or with approval of officialdom.
"In fact you were careful in your first statement to say we were assessing motive and method." (Clinton responded only with a line frequent in her email communications: "Pls print.") Clinton spokesman Brian Fallon said the email release proves there's "nothing new here" on Benghazi.
But worry not, Con­fed­er­ate flag en­thu­si­asts, there may be hope yet.
It also does training sessions, like one it held last year in the northern town of Trou-du-Nord for a group destined to work at the Caracol park.
Sorry, but Tom's right.
Is it torture? Erik Estrada is seen screaming during the tasering.
This proposition is demonstratively false.
This year we saw the US Navy's announcement of plans to develop autonomous-drone weapons, as well as the announcement of both the South Korean Super aEgis II automatic turret and the Russian Platform-M automatic combat machine.
And it's worth remembering that in countries without a time-off mandate, workers often do get time off at their employer's discretion.
Guardian dubbed yesterday "Murdoch's bloody Friday," as Rebekah Brooks, chief executive of News International announced her resignation, followed by Les Hinton, Dow Jones CEO and former News International publisher, hours later.
But in bringing back his viral video series "Between Two Ferns" for Funny or Die today, well, Zach Galifianakis is having none of that.
The NRA has held up a weapons band before, as has been much discussed.
Israel has stopped distributing gas masks to the population.
101 along the Pacific.) By the early 1970s, most of I-95 had been constructed through New Jersey.
Growing up in Wales, aspiring to be a touring musician, is a very deluded mindset as well.
And it just so happens that Thursday was "Northern Territories Day" reports Reuters.  So obviously Russian jets encroaching on Japan airspace on Northern Territories Day was enough to set Japan off.  This disruption just comes two days after Japanese officials announced that a Chinese navy frigate targeted one of their ships with weapons-locking radar.
Astral projection augmented by sophisticated instrumentation became utilized for exploration of distant parts of the universe.
Make way for another seat at the UN.
It makes sense for Romeny to focus on economic issues instead of social ones, since a Pew poll finds Romney isn't popular among evangelicals and Catholics.
After completing the survey, subjects were given an opportunity to donate some or all of their reward to charity.
Leadership Succession is the Achilles Heel of Authoritarian Political Systems Figuring out how to transfer power at the top in the absence of an open and legitimate leadership selection process is the biggest political challenge China faces.
The world also needs to prepare for a possible upside scenario for the RMB, whether it seems likely at this point or not.
Big boys don't cry.
Over the last two decades, 96 cases of serious illness have been reported in connection with accidental ingestion of products containing tetrahydrozoline, oxymetazoline, or naphazoline.
So many people here are caught in the in-between, weighing options, choosing fates.
Those on both the design and use side of the hook agree: More can be done.
It will also factor heavily into the deliberations on health care in the Senate, where Republicans decided to start from scratch rather than try to fix an unpopular House bill that many of them consider deeply flawed.
No wonder Obama has launched a nationwide, bilingual program called GottaVote.org that the campaign describes as a "one-stop shop" for voting information.
government secretly sent $400 million in cash to Iran in a prisoner exchange.
The flowers in his garden have withered.
The oldest recognized partnership––according to its own website––is that of Toledo, Ohio, and Toledo Spain.
It’s incredibly straight: Ana and Christian stick to maximally traditional versions of femininity and masculinity.
Of the nine nominated Best Pictures, three were not from writer-directors: Call Me By Your Name, The Post and Darkest Hour, the latter two being the most “old-fashioned” choices from the Academy.
Before that, Loskarn climbed the congressional staff ladder as an aide to Rep.
Their sleep patterns—determined by lamp or television usage—could be compared to their proclivity for online impulse purchases.
What would happen to her after her release would only involve more pain -- it would be just a couple months before her neck bones were broken.
At Saturday night’s debate and again on the Sunday shows the following morning, he reiterated his claim that climate change, not terrorism, is the greatest threat facing the country—and worked to say that climate change is exacerbating the rise of terrorism.
18, 2008 under the headline “Let Detroit Go Bankrupt.” Obama challenged “the naysayers” to admit they were wrong to oppose the rescue efforts, to “finally come around and say that standing by American workers was the right thing to do.” After quoting again from Romney’s article, Obama added, “I’ve got to admit, it’s been funny to watch some of these folks completely try to rewrite history now that you’re back on your feet.
I saw him walking around town wearing his Sunday best.
Alcohol enthusiasts love invoking the health benefits of red wine to quell their guilt as they order a second bottle of Malbec with dinner.
“I remain so disappointed.
In fact, post-9/11 America has been setting new state-secrets precedents.
On the other hand, Deen is convinced that the accessibility of porn is harming young people.
The event brought Clinton back to North Carolina for the second time in two weeks.
Romney has suggested a peg of 4 percent of GDP, which would boost defense spending above current levels by another $100 billion, according to Time's Mark Thompson.
"WTF," of course, means "what the fuck," and, since we're talking about political nerds here, "44" refers to President Obama, the 44th president.
But maybe (very, very possibly) I’m reading it too pessimistically?
“Count me in.” “Me too,” added Vikram.
Bruce Bartlett notes that even Bush-Cheney officials refused to claim as such;
Opponents of the city's long-awaited Citibike program, which has been in development for years and will begin service on Memorial Day — no matter what these preservationist condo owners have to say — notched several significant victories against New York's Department of Transportation over the past week, after a month-plus of delirious outrage, a small journalism scandal, and destructive vandalism to the solar-powered bike racks installed throughout posh Brooklyn and downtown Manhattan.
The censors deemed it too political and forbade its release for two years.
Latin America is ripe for such an effort, argues Raul L.
But for reasons that defy sanity, U.S.
I don't believe what you're saying.
Essdras and other Rocky Mountain News photographers were later honored with the Pulitzer Prize for their work.
Every merchant praises their goods.
I was surprised I didn't see him in the hospital when I went to visit you.
Machines have been displacing humans this way for centuries.
A high enough account balance could qualify an investor for a share class that faces lower fees.
It's a harp.
He is very private, and he will say that, as individuals, it is entirely appropriate for individuals to have their own privacy.
government or simply on behalf of one influential senator.
it is written in informal language that imitates the qualities commonly believed to be characteristic of formal language.
So whether the candidates impressed these women in the second debate is surely more consequential than how the pundits score the face-off.
The land that's out there in production is going to be used in production regardless of what the prices are.
Today is a boring day.
(Aviles says she "never invited her.")
In my search for answers, it may be that I have been making a characteristic modern mistake of relying on experts, which has revealed a characteristic modern failure: Experts often don’t know and sometimes can never know.  Beneficiaries of higher education, of whom I am one, often give too much credit to credentials.
This also illustrates how deceiving it can be to evaluate maps just by their percentages -- in this case, a lower percentage actually includes more Israelis by being more geographically intrusive into the West Bank.
I'm going to do this by myself.
It is in the friction between these views that we explore new patterns of thought.
Nor is there much hope of ending the civil war that has devastated Yemen.
One little girl says "both!"  For more videos from the Fine brothers, visit their YouTube page.  Via Viral Viral Videos. 
In Arkansas and Masschusetts, voters will decide whether to legalize, regulate, and tax medical marijuana.
Gender equality and fluidity is the unstated but constantly reiterated rule.
But you know all that by reading.
In the United States, not all the drought-related news was bad: California had its first wetter-than-average year since 2012, and Governor Jerry Brown declared an official end to its drought emergency in April 2017.
Conditions like those make it virtually impossible for institute researchers to do their work, crippling the country’s response to the Zika outbreak.
(This blogger is no exception.
The result is an article highly worth reading — one that ought to be expanded into a book, if our opinion counts for anything.
I learned early in my career.
Corporate profits are our only consistently rising metric of economic success.
In other words, problems so grave that we shouldn't be distracted by college kids bouncing round balls.
My mother took me to the park.
“Ridiculously hard,” he called the predicament.
When Nunn says she would have voted against Obama's health care law but avoids talking about any changes she'd make to it, it's easy to assume she's trying to do everything she can to have it both ways.
(If you'd rather wade through the raw reaction in the comments section, here's the link—and a comparison of our new homepage to a "cancer.") A reader writes: Hello, hello@.
As Sharanbir Grewal wrote, "With a partial suspension, the United States now has a wider range of options to use for leverage, from cutting additional aid to reinstating part or all of the suspended aid." As it turned out, though, the administration's October decision was the final, underwhelming salvo before a return to business as usual.
In 1976, the semiconductor maker Intel started up in Silicon Valley.
But in the Democratic primary for Sen.
Tom wants us to find Mary.
Flustered that Humphrey had not arrived yet, he told the crowd he wanted to wait for his special guest and began to shake hands with supporters to kill some time.
Ellaria is clearly eager for Dorne to go to war with King’s Landing—which makes perfect sense.
But even though Marvel is cagey on the details of its upcoming movies, it's pretty easy to see how our outlaw space adventurers are going to fit into things going forward.
Many borrowers can shave a few percentage points off the interest rate on the debt they refinance, and lock in the lower rate for three to five years.
Grover did his duty and held up his end of the conversation.
Tom didn't say when he would return.
Okay, so it will detract just a smidgeon from baseball's rich tradition of having a rich tradition.
Don't you have a sense of justice?
"You don't wring your hands, you just do it." McGuire became interested in speechwriting after he moved to Washington in 2005 to cover the John Roberts Supreme Court nomination hearings for The New York Sun.
She looked after the child.
Read the full story at Bloomberg.
Dingell: It was a momentous occasion, but it was also a time that was impacting the United States in an unbelievable way.
Second, historic preservation should be limited and well defined.
Have you ever commented a sentence on Tatoeba?
But the gesture later allowed him to say that of all the sacrifices the city demanded, the largest salary cut was his own.  The deals slowly rolled out over the next two years.
So they’ll say, ‘I’ve had a cluster headache,’ or, ‘Have you tried Advil?’ It’s very discouraging, probably, to the patients, but the people that we’re sharing with are trying to be helpful.
Despite everything, I walked away with a swagger knowing that I mentioned my faith to a cop and lived to tell about it.
O'Connell is phenomenal as Zamperini, but the screenplay prefers to stun the audience with images of paralyzing bleakness, rather than digging past the surface of Zamperini's persistence.
“I could not in good conscience recommend to the Labor Party that we support the plebiscite about marriage equality … children do not need to go to school in the climate of a plebiscite and have the integrity of their parents’ relationship challenged,” he said.
They had us surrounded.
Assaults linked to gangs, drug dealing and homelessness spill in from the streets, domestic disputes involving hospital personnel play out at work, and disruptive patients lash out.
A New York Times poll last July found 93 percent of Americans want GMOs labeled.
Surely I could take a little bit without anyone noticing.' My father's cancer also progressed relentlessly, waging a swift and unyielding scorched-earth campaign against his liver.
I hope to be able to go in June.
We described the debate over whether the U.S.
I think that if you believe in the rights of consenting adults to determine their own lives, then you have to be very uncomfortable with politicians engineering the tax code to shape their behavior.
He does not care for any sport involving team work or quick responses to other players.
Consumers worried about expenses may have no choice but to put off or cut out some vacationing.  As spending declines in all of these ways, companies will sense a drop in consumer demand.
In fact that's exactly what it was.
  Earlier this weekend, a new document from Snowden indicated that the U.S.
But a triple murder Tuesday afternoon has become a national story.
Many have expressed concerns about apocalyptic Terminator-like scenarios, in which robots develop the human-like ability to interact with the world all by themselves and attempt to conquer it.
For example, I can’t back away from it enough, underwater, to get the whole thing.
rather, it will go through the leafy suburban seats where gun control retains more backing.
Mary is not a huge football fan.
He's a dumb-ass.
Unfortunately, the losers of that strategy will tend to be the people for whom the country built the safety net in the first place.
"Windows 8 provides a very different look and feel, but it doesn't force you to work in a fundamentally different way.
We can fix this upside-down moral universe by passing comprehensive immigration reform.  These U.S.-raised children who benefit from this reform will contribute more to the U.S.
Just over a week ago, NASA launched its NuSTAR Space Telescope that will enable scientists to study high-energy X-rays, and create clearer and more detailed pictures of some of the universe's X-ray sources, such as black holes.
Will I just be laid off in another 6 months as a newly-minted nobody without a support structure around me?
"Hispanic communities are overrepresented in the construction industry," Parra said he told those gathered, pointing out that the cuts would be disproportionately borne by Hispanic-Americans.
Macron is indeed a new face, and an unusually youthful one, but his profile is scarcely that of an outsider.
And, over the years, Groupon has made a name for itself by offering a certain kind of deal, a deal that didn't cost $199 dollars and leave you with a new car in the driveway.
He says, "Such an appreciation may help us de-bias our thinking, leading to fairer, more objective treatment of others." SOURCE: The full study, "The Name-Pronunciation Effect: Why People Like Mr.
“Have you ever thought about how much is known about you?” Frick asked in one of our conversations.
Even as a lawyer she's too honest and too determined to play by the rules.
Quiet pressure is almost always best when trying to change Saudi policy.
Later he notes that "You say that you rallied the country, but these poll numbers show otherwise.
Herzog forcefully endorsed the two-state solution while acknowledging the challenges to achieving such an agreement, and blamed Netanyahu for endangering the peace process through his adversarial relationship with Abbas.
No, the American media used this phrase “royal baby” to describe the pre-born infant.
He's discovered that "one branch of the citrate eaters has picked up a mutation that wipes out a gene involved in DNA repair, which causes an increased rate of mutation and an even faster diversification," reports Ars Technica.
They see their results as urgently pointing out the need for a controlled clinical trial to confirm the association.
They were buying time.
Turn on HBO, listen to a black comic, and all you hear is n*****, n*****, n*****." Schlessinger also told her that "If you're that hypersensitive about color and don't have a sense of humor, don't marry out of your race." The backlash to Schlessinger's remarks was swift and the next day she apologized on her blog and on-air.
“The most serious threat would be to leave him (Assad) to his own devices, allow him to continue to use chemical weapons,” the French president added.
The BMW, the 300 series that's being built in South Carolina, is not all for domestic consumption.
She's well stacked.
She fastened it as a cover over George’s usual collar and let him outside.
The #1 thing it says is that he is a cool dude.
We're doing that with programming.
The institution is the “armed forces.” When used correctly, the adjective raises real issues—“the military mind,” or “the military-industrial complex,” for example.
The continuum of myth, the transcendent universality of profound irony– surely these constitute the DNA and the soul of great writing but isn’t it a little true there’s a peculiar insularity to American writers in direct proportion to our influence in the world, that almost seems to be a knee-jerk negative response to our global involvement as a mega-power, to our extensive hanky-panky and the worst of our well-intentioned meddling and muddling throughout the world?
That sounds like our tugboat horn.
If nearly every naturalized citizen can master these few basic facts of history and civics -- and we insist by law that they do so -- surely it is not asking too much for native-born citizens to do the same.
If GINA protections fall, the reticence will rise—and reasonably so.
When Amy finally shifts from dead to undead, it's horrifying, but also surprisingly beautiful.
It seems like Tom is in love.
Large portions make you eat more.
Both would signal a further consolidation of Fatah control within the PA, but, according to Jonathan Schanzer of the Foundation for Defense of Democracies, none of the four candidates are likely to push government-wide reforms any further.
The other alternatives: 1) The six million Jews decide in some democratic fashion to dissolve their state and to seek a merger with the Palesitnians.
Attacks have continued every year since 9/11 and before.
Think about how she focuses on herself when she imagines Adam’s death.
But what they should really know is that callous disregard for a woman's life doesn't transform her into a higher being, even if both she and her baby survive hardship.
Still, you do mention that a few hold-outs are stubbornly using the "flowery" salutation at the beginning of emails or letters.
Corporate executives who have built careers and mansions by having the courage of their convictions are suddenly cowards when it comes to publicly standing behind their corporations' political expenditures.
The referendum passed by 880 votes, or about 7 percent of those who voted.
But, it probably doesn't want to flop now that we're all watching.
It’s to broaden the appeal and not just attach it to Occupy.
Anderson's own post on the Houla massacre carries a similar photo of white-wrapped corpses waiting on a tile floor for burial.
We are programmed to struggle to survive.
These ideas have been opposed by both Israel and the United States, which have described them as "unilateral," and met with a mixed response among European states.
I'm by myself.
Take One: The fairytale rendering is pastoral and bucolic;
Here are 10 things you can call him, however.
in the way their parents had known sitcom characters.
White Americans, in general, are willing to accept about the ratio of black Americans at large: 10 to 15 percent.
Markets in a Singapore, Taiwan and Australia all fell Monday, reports The New York Times.
Ishmael, who works as a financial adviser in Maryland Heights, Missouri, but dreams of teaching history, knows that the terabytes of documents and interviews will likely sit in a digital warehouse for years.
That will be better than the factory.
Planned Parenthood’s defenders argue that not only is defunding the organization potentially illegal, it’s dangerous.
President Hadi has removed some key military commanders and governorsaffiliated with the Saleh family and former regime, but common wisdom dictatedthat keeping Ahmed Ali and Ali Mohsin in place was essential in order toprevent instability and chaos.
So, that is a full-scale, game-changing opportunity to open up a riverfront and connect it to the dynamic community beyond it.
He did the work in spite of many obstacles.
But the ensuing bedlam has served no evident purpose but to afford reporters a chance to try to ensnare Cain in a lie or contradiction -- thereby justifying the blanket coverage on the grounds of his dishonesty or inconsistency.
The Washington study was specifically designed to examine the roles of “dietary supplements”—compounds known as vitamins, minerals, and non-vitamin non-mineral compounds like ginseng—in cancer risk.
Her translator, Katrina Dodson, gives an example from the story “Silence,” in which Lispector uses the phrase “ponto do trigo,” or “point of wheat,” in a sentence she translates as “I never thought that the world and I would reach this point of wheat.” “That sounds as if it’s a known expression but [it] isn’t at all,” Dodson writes in an email.
It reads, “Said a whale, ‘There is so much commotion/Such fights among fish in the ocean/I’m saving my scalp/Living high on an Alp/(Dear Lindy!
Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.
a concrete finisher in Las Vegas who applied for 15 mortgages in one week;
Schreiber: I think that Ray learned a very valuable skill on the streets of Southie, which is to keep his mouth shut.
And for the last two days, Hurricane Sandy made that impossible.
His line: 42 points, 15 rebounds, seven assists, and three steals.
and availability is about the ability to use a computer system as anticipated.
They think about me.
"Bring him to Messiah." Research for this article was supported by a 2012 Knight Luce Fellowship for Reporting on Global Religion.
I was a stranger.
In March of 2012, he finally admitted that perhaps no one could really predict the date of the rapture.
The hours-long attack at Bacha Khan University in Charsadda began shortly after the school opened, the Associated Press reported, citing local police officials.
In just two years on the national stage, Sarah Palin has emerged as the GOP's leading authority on killing animals on television.
"We're hoping to tell more stories set in the Boilerplate/Frank Reade universe, starting with Kate Reade's high-tech spy adventures in the Pacific during the 1930s," Bennett shares.
In a statement, the Trump campaign denounced the Times for publishing what it described as a “more than 20 year-old alleged tax document [that] was illegally obtained.” The campaign also said Trump had paid “hundreds of millions of dollars in property taxes, sales and excise taxes, real estate taxes, city taxes, state taxes, employee taxes and federal taxes.” It did not deny the Times’s central claims.
As such, meaningful amounts of fruits and vegetables are being sold to low-income neighborhood residents, especially by vendors who accept EBT (food stamp) cards.
When you talk to the leaders who run these organizations, you’ll ask them casually while a call is wrapping up, so what do you do for a living?
Your haircut was fine.
I promised Tom I'd listen to what he had to say.
The solution: A standalone section of the Paris agreement, Article 8, addresses loss and damage, as climate-vulnerable countries wanted.
It is an argument that many U.S.
Coitus interruptus does not protect against sexually transmitted diseases.
The hen's chicks are hatching.
There’s also the question of whether it’ll even be ready in time.
As hyper-educated world class athletes with narcissistic tendencies, the Winklevii are bound to have some eccentricities, right?
THE NEW YORK TIMES MAGAZINEUntil Cryonics Do Us Part by Kerry Howley Men who want to freeze themselves when they die in hopes of being brought back when technology permits it are provoking a backlash from an unexpected quarter: their wives.
The data was completely useless.
Slay-Z, the mixtape she posted online on Friday after claiming her former studio engineer was leaking its songs out of spite (no surprise, right?), is only mildly evil—not her best work, but pretty enjoyable.
The change is not mysterious.
Farmers can fallow vegetable fields during droughts, but almond trees need steady supplies of water.
"The activists in both primaries, people on the left and people on the right, live in parallel universes," Frank said during the news conference.
Certain passages are offered for reasons impossible to discern.
However, I think that this is likely to exacerbate social problems, and that those on the short end of the stick will not only react as Conard predicts by feeling "compelled to try to join" the successful entrepreneurial class, but also by attacking the innovation process.
Renacci said he wasn’t necessarily itching for a tax hike, but rather something to give “long-term funding and predictability,” which he said now doesn’t seem in the cards.
For lunch, it recommends generous portions of rice, beans, and sauteed vegetables.
does not know who would lead Syria if Assad falls.
It was not snuck into the stimulus package.
We don't have enough bandwidth for more than six people to be online at one time.
The For we pressess [sic/possess?] that same grit, the that same determination, the that same courage, that has always defined what it’s meanst to be an American—is in you. has always defined all of you Together we're on a mission. We're on a mission to move this nation forward—from doubt and downturn, to promise and prosperity.
“In the U.S., we need to remember the backlash that the Arab-American community has experienced post-9/11 and the everyday securitization not just by the state, but also by non-state actors [like] the neighbor calling the police because he believes the man next to him is a terrorist, the kid who gets arrested in school because his self-made clock is mistaken as bomb,” she said.
In December 2015, a remarkable memo from Germany’s foreign intelligence service was leaked to news outlets.
Martin Shkreli, the former pharmaceutical executive who gained notoriety for inflating drug prices, was sentenced to seven years in prison for defrauding investors.
Tell us where to go.
The new reports say that U.S.
In further Bieber news, TMZ reports that Team Bieber is currently scrambling to prevent the release of footage of his jailhouse patdown following his Miami arrest last month.
Someone broke my camera.
But we won't—if "we" means the media organizations Wright suggests might now take the lead in changing U.S.
A Level 1 signifies a minor release of radioactive material.
There is a deliberate slowing on their end." Intelligence assessments like these should always be treated carefully and with some skepticism.
But there's also something vulnerable, and sensitive here.
She's very clean.
George Ryan, then governor of Illinois, refused in 1999 to grant clemency to convicted ritual murderer Andrew Kokoraleis.
Or maybe they'll be too sleepy to be mean on a Sunday morning.
Nicola Sturgeon, the head of the Scottish National Party, told the Guardian this week that if the U.K.
My first response is that of Zhou En Lai when he was asked what was the significance of the French Revolution and replied, "It's too soon to tell." Another perspective, the long one, would be to say that Israel is behaving very much like the annoying little Judean state that the Romans finally dismantled in frustration.
As an athlete, I hope we can remain focused on the Olympic spirit which celebrates achievement in sport by peoples of all nations.
He was trepanned.
But the political system doesn't want to change.
Given the collapse of industrialism and the rise of the knowledge economy, Davidson advocates for a more process-oriented, distributed, and exploratory method of learning more suited to today's post-industrial age.
It was just another game of pretend for the shifty shapeshifter that is Angie Mills.
But when a secretary of state in pursuit of his or her own political future decides that no risk is acceptable, then nothing much is ever tried.
In contrast to the prevailing politics at the company, he is said to be “steadfastly liberal.” But obscure palace intrigue in the Murdoch empire is nothing new.
  Hoskins continued to do fine work for many years, especially on British television, to which he returned in a bigger way for the last few years of his career.
But he believes success is still within reach for those who pursue it.
She's very shy.
...with the advent of the nuclear age, it became clear to victor and vanquished alike that the world needed institutions to prevent another world war. And so, a quarter century after the United States Senate rejected the League of Nations -- an idea for which Woodrow Wilson received this prize -- America led the world in constructing an architecture to keep the peace: a Marshall Plan and a United Nations, mechanisms to govern the waging of war, treaties to protect human rights, prevent genocide, restrict the most dangerous weapons.
Anything sensitive inside had been remotely destroyed before the Sentinel was seized.
I doubt any farmers would think it remotely delightful to spend Sunday eating from the ground over which they labored the rest of the week, but nevertheless city-dwellers began idealizing that practice as a return to nature.